🔥 🔥 🔥 Add About, Rules, Schedule, Onsite Contest, and many things! (#4)
ia-toki/apio-2020-web: registration.md

---
layout: single-page-md
title: APIO 2020 Registration
key: registration
---

### Confirmation Phase

> The leader of each country listed below will be contacted by [email](infoapio2020@iatoki.id).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The leader of each country listed below will be contacted by [email](info.apio2020@toki.id).
```

> The leader of each country listed below will be contacted by [email](info.apio2020@iatoki.id).

Reviewer 2: `mailto:info.apio2020@iatoki.id`

Then they can reply with their confirmation of joining the competition.

> In addition to that they can opt-in to onsite competition in Indonesia too, please refer to [onsite page](onsite#registration-for-onsite-contest).

Reviewer 2: put a comma after `to that`?

> In addition to that they can opt-in to onsite competition in Indonesia too, please refer to [onsite page](onsite#registration-for-onsite-contest).

Reviewer 2: `s/to onsite/to the onsite`?
